Release notes for 7.17.2 (#13932)
elastic/logstash: docs/static/releasenotes.asciidoc

* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha2,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha2>>
* <<logstash-7-0-0-alpha1,Logstash 7.0.0-alpha1>>

[[logstash-7-17-2]]
=== Logstash 7.17.2 Release Notes

[[notable-7-17-2]]
==== Notable issues fixed

* Fixed an issue where the Plugin Manager would upgrade all dependencies in Logstash during an install/update operation of a single plugin. This often caused deployments to break due to unvetted 3rd party gem updates. https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13804[#13804]
* Fixed an issue where the GeoIP database lookup wasn't respecting the http_proxy environment variable https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13841[#13841]

> * A couple of fixes improved the consistency of pipeline statistics in the HTTP API https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13845[#13845] and  https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13850[#13850]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A couple of fixes improved the consistency of pipeline statistics in the HTTP API during pipeline startup https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13845[#13845] and  https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13850[#13850]
```

> * A couple of fixes improved the consistency of pipeline statistics in the HTTP API during pipeline startup https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13845[#13845] and  https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13850[#13850]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improved the consistency of pipeline statistics in the HTTP API during pipeline startup https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13845[#13845] and  https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13850[#13850]
```

> * Logstash didn't correctly start on Windows if the folder containted spaces https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13893[#13893]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Changed .bat scripts to ensure paths are correctly quoted, avoiding startup issues on Windows when paths have spaces https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13893[#13893]
```

Reviewer 2: Love it! Even better. Thank you. ❤️

> * Logstash didn't correctly start on Windows if the folder containted spaces https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13893[#13893]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Logstash now starts correctly on Windows, even if the folder contained spaces https://github.com/elastic/logstash/pull/13893[#13893]

Updates all Windows batch scripts used as CLI tools to quotes the %JAVACMD% to avoid path problems when the path contains spaces.

```

Reviewer 2: We might not be able to state something so absolute. Still, it would be good to reword the item to focus on the fix rather than the problem.
